README.md, before:

![Notella](https://github.com/julhoang/Notella/blob/main/assets/favicons/main_logo.png)

### Bookmark App. Save to Savour!

Notella is a Chrome Extension that allows user to save highlight texts across webpages.
All saved highlights are visually organized in the main Notella page.
This extension store data in your localStorage.

#### This is a work in Progress! :)

<!-- ## Preview

![Notella Main Page](https://github.com/julhoang/Notella/blob/main/images/notella_mainpage_2.PNG)
![Notella PopUp and Website Highlight](https://github.com/julhoang/Notella/blob/main/images/web_highlight_1.jpg) -->

## Current Functionalities

1. Persistent Website highlights (highlights are restored upon website revisit)
2. Easier to add highlights: Select text --> Pick your highlight color inside the tool tip or Right Click!
3. Color-code any articles with yellow, green, blue and pink.
4. Add Tags to each articles
5. Contents are sorted by appearance on original website
6. Allow adding tag to article inside pop-up.

## Future Update/Functionalities

1. Add personal notes to each article
2. Delete individual highlights
3. PDF highlights
4. Allow adding quick notes to article inside pop-up.
5. Change highlight color

## Attributions

- The tag functionality is made possible by <a href="https://github.com/yairEO/tagify">Tagify</a>.
- Tool tip is made possible by <a href="https://github.com/AdamJaggard/text-tip">TextTip.js</a>.

Commit message:

Notella Version 4
- Added Personal Note
- Added Project category for better organization
- Still working on action menu for individual highlights

README.md, after:

![Notella](https://github.com/julhoang/Notella/blob/main/assets/favicons/main_logo.png)

### Bookmark App. Save to Savour!

Notella is a Chrome Extension that allows user to save highlight texts across webpages.
All saved highlights are visually organized in the main Notella page.
This extension store data in your localStorage.

#### This work is in production! :)

<!-- ## Preview

![Notella Main Page](https://github.com/julhoang/Notella/blob/main/images/notella_mainpage_2.PNG)
![Notella PopUp and Website Highlight](https://github.com/julhoang/Notella/blob/main/images/web_highlight_1.jpg) -->

## Current Functionalities

✔️ Persistent Website highlights (highlights are restored upon website revisit)
✔️ Easy to add highlights: Select text --> Pick your highlight color inside the tool tip
or right click and select highlight option
✔️ Color-code any articles with yellow, green, blue and pink.
✔️ Add Tags to each articles
✔️ Assign Project for better organization
✔️ Add personal notes to each article
✔️ Contents are sorted by appearance on original website

## Upcoming Updates

- Delete individual highlights
- Change highlight color
- PDF highlights

## Attributions

- The tag functionality is made possible by <a href="https://github.com/yairEO/tagify">Tagify</a>.
- Tool tip is made possible by <a href="https://github.com/AdamJaggard/text-tip">TextTip.js</a>.
